hello everyone this is your favorite
side channel in this video I'm going to
show you this fantastic set it is C
swimming playset with Sophia welcome in
my magical place under the sea this time
I am a mermaid my tail is in my
favorites purple color my fin is a
little bit brighter here I have some
rubbery flounce and of course I also
wear my Amulet of avalor oh look my
friend is coming it is pink sea horse
hello Sophia would you like to play with
me of course let's go there's gonna be
my place ok and I'm going to sit here or
maybe I'm gonna hang in here are you
ready seahorse of course I am ok so
let's go wow this is so fun maybe you
want to switch the place yes this
perfect idea
now I'm gonna be like this okay and I'm
gonna sit in here can we start yes of
course okay we this is fantastic ok I
think it is enough for now i'm going to
write in here and i'm going to show you
this beautiful place it is in a nice
blue color with a pearl shine there are
also many shells in a gold color and
pink there's also this beautiful shell
on the top wow it looks really magical
there are also some water plant in here
we can play hide and seek seahorse I
want to play again ok
we if you like to play with us get on
our store omega discounts at PL and
simply order this fantastic set thanks
for watching and see you soon guys